docs(apim): add apim console installation guide for eureka service (#792)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/apim/3.x/user-guide/publisher/service-discovery/service-discovery-eureka.adoc

:page-layout: apim3x
:page-title: Eureka service discovery

== Configuration

> The configuration is loaded from the common GraviteeIO Gateway configuration file (gravitee.yml) All configurations described by official Eureka discovery client documentation are available on the official github repository: https://github.com/Netflix/eureka/wiki. Gravitee Gateway uses Eureka Discovery client v1 and fetch configured Eureka Servers. It does not register the gateway application into Eureka registry. Please refer the official Eureka documentation for advanced uses and advanced concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration is loaded from the common Gravitee Gateway configuration file (`gravitee.yml`). All configurations described by the official Eureka Discovery client documentation are available in the link:{{ 'https://github.com/Netflix/eureka/wiki' }}[official GitHub repository]. Gravitee Gateway uses Eureka Discovery client v1 and fetches configured Eureka Servers. It does not register the gateway application into the Eureka registry. Please refer the official Eureka documentation for advanced concepts and use scenarios.
```

> For more information, see the complete link:{{ 'https://github.com/gravitee-io-community/gravitee-service-discovery-eureka/blob/master/README.adoc' }}[Eureka Client Config].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the complete link:{{ 'https://github.com/gravitee-io-community/gravitee-service-discovery-eureka/blob/master/README.adoc' }}[Eureka client configuration].
```

> == Enable Eureka Service Discovery in Gravitee.io APIM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Enable Eureka Service Discovery in Gravitee APIM
```

> Now that your configured your Eureka service, go to APIM console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have configured your Eureka service, go to the APIM console:
```

> 

Reviewer: These steps are part of a sequence so should be numbered llist bullets - please replace all asterisks (* ) with dots (. ) or numbers at the start of each step.

> * Create or select an existing API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create or select an existing API.
```

> * Under API's submenu, click *Proxy*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the API's sub-menu, click *Proxy*.
```

> * Under *Backend Service*, select *Endpoints*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under *Backend Service*, select *Endpoints*.
```

image::{% link images/apim/3.x/api-publisher-guide/service-discovery/service-discovery-endpoints.png %}[]

> * Click on the *Edit Group* icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[start=4]
. Click on the *Edit Group* icon.
```

> * Select *SERVICE DISCOVERY* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the *SERVICE DISCOVERY* tab.
```

> * Check *Enabled service discovery* checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Enabled service discovery* checkbox to activate this option.
```

> * For *Type* dropdown list, select *Eureka Service Discovery*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Eureka Service Discovery* in the *Type* dropdown list.
```

> * For *Application* enter your application name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. For *Application*, enter your application name.
```

image::{% link images/apim/3.x/api-publisher-guide/service-discovery/service-discovery-eureka-configuration.png %}[]

> * Click *SAVE*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[start=9]
. Click *SAVE*.
```

> Your API should now appear out of sync in the top banner. Be sure to click *deploy your API*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your API should now appear out of sync in the top banner - click *deploy your API* to rectify this.
```

image::{% link images/apim/3.x/api-publisher-guide/service-discovery/service-discovery-redeploy.png %}[]

> NOTE: Endpoints configured through the APIM console before service discovery was enabled are not removed. The Gravitee.io gateway will continue to consider those endpoints in addition to the ones discovered through Eureka integration. The endpoints dynamically discovered through Eureka are not displayed in APIM console. You can remove the endpoints define through the APIM console. However, we encourage you to keep at least one endpoint declared as secondary. Secondary endpoints are not included in the load-balancer pool and are only selected to handle requests if Eureka is no longer responding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Gravitee Gateway will not remove endpoints configured through the APIM console before service discovery was enabled - it will continue to consider such endpoints in addition to the ones dynamically discovered through Eureka integration (these are not shown in the APIM console). You can manually remove any endpoints defined through the APIM console. However, it is highly recommended that you keep at least one such endpoint declared as secondary - secondary endpoints are not included in the load-balancer pool and are only selected to handle requests if Eureka is no longer responding.
```

To declare an endpoint as secondary:

> * Click on the *Edit* icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click on the *Edit* icon.
```

> * Check Secondary endpoint checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Secondary endpoint* checkbox to enable it.
```

> * Select *SAVE*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *SAVE*.
```

image::{% link images/apim/3.x/api-publisher-guide/service-discovery/service-discovery-secondary-endpoint.png %}[]

> == Verify that your service is properly discovered by APIM gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Verify that your service is properly discovered by the APIM gateway
```

> You can check API gateway's logs to verify that your service have been successfully discovered thanks to Eureka:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that your service has been successfully discovered through Eureka, check out the API gateway logs:
```

[source]
----
INFO  i.g.g.h.a.m.impl.ApiManagerImpl - API id[194c560a-fcd1-4e26-8c56-0afcd17e2630] name[Time] version[1.0.0] has been updated
INFO  i.g.g.s.e.d.v.EndpointDiscoveryVerticle - Receiving a service discovery event id[eureka:whattimeisit] type[REGISTER]
----

> You can now try to call your API to make sure that incoming API requests are properly routed to the proper backend service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now try to call your API to make sure that incoming API requests are properly routed to the right backend service.
```

[source,bash]
----
curl -X PUT -v "http://localhost:8082/whattimeisit"
----

> If you encounter any issues, enable logs in order to troubleshoot. Refer to the link:{{'/apim/3.x/apim_publisherguide_logging_analytics.html#logs' | relative_url}}[Logging and analytics] to learn how to configure logging on your API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter any issues, enable logs in order to troubleshoot. Refer to the link:{{'/apim/3.x/apim_publisherguide_logging_analytics.html#logs' | relative_url}}[Logging and analytics documentation] to learn how to configure logging on your API.
```

== Additional considerations

=== Enable Health Check to monitor backend endpoints managed by Eureka

> You can optionally enable health checks for your API. You will then be able to view the status of all endpoints under *Per-endpoint availability* section, including the ones managed by Eureka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the status of all endpoints, including the ones managed by Eureka, enable the Health Check option for your API in the *Per-endpoint availability* section.
```

image::{% link images/apim/3.x/api-publisher-guide/service-discovery/service-discovery-eureka-healthcheck.png %}[]

> For more details on how to enable Health Check, refer tot this link:{{'/apim/3.x/apim_publisherguide_backend_services.html#configure_health_check' | relative_url}}[section].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the link:{{'/apim/3.x/apim_publisherguide_backend_services.html#configure_health_check' | relative_url}}[Health Check documentation] for more information on how to enable the Health Check option for your API.
```

:page-title: Eureka service discovery

> include::https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gravitee-io/gravitee-service-discovery-eureka/master/README.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: I would have replaced this "include" with a direct link to the github repository. It would make the rendered page lighter.

Author: I agree. I changed it with a link.
